Add community PR guidelines (#5137)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/community.md

    A--D
```

## Pull requests

The most important thing when community members contribute to Fleet is to show them we value their time and effort. We need to get eyes on community pull requests quickly (within 1 business day) and get them merged or give feedback as soon as we can.

### Process for managing community contributions

The Community Engagememt DRI is responsible for keeping an eye out for new community contributions and either getting them merged in if possible and get the right eyes on them if they need to be reviewed. 

Each business day, the Community Engagement DRI will check open pull requests to:

1. Check for new pull requests (PRs) from the Fleet community. 
2. Approve and merge any community PRs that are ready to go.
3. Make sure there aren't any existing community PRs waiting for followup from Fleet. 

#### Identify community contributions

When a new pull request is submitted by a community contributor (someone not a member of the Fleet organization):

- Add the `:community` label.
- Self-assign for review.

> - Check whether the PR can be merged, or needs to be reviewed by the Product team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check whether the PR can be merged or needs to be reviewed by the Product team.
```

    - Things that generally don't need additional review:
        - Minor changes to the docs.
        - Small bug fixes.

>         - Additions or fixes to the Standard Query Library(SQL) are (as long as the SQL works properly and they are attributed correctly).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Additions or fixes to the Standard Query Library (as long as the SQL works properly and is attributed correctly).
```

>         - Use the Please refer to our [PRs from the community](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13r0vEhs9LOBdxWQWdZ8n5Ff9cyB3hQkTjI5OhcrHjVo/edit?usp=sharing) guide and use your best judgement. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I suggest pulling this out of the bullets and adding as a note below.

    - If a review is needed:
        - Request review from the [Product DRI](./product.md#product-dris). They should approve extensive changes and new features. Ask in the #g-product channel in Fleet's Slack for more information.

>         - Tag the DRI and the contributor in a comment on the PR letting everyone know why additional review is needed. Make sure to say thanks!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Tag the DRI and the contributor in a comment on the PR, letting everyone know why an additional review is needed. Make sure to say thanks!
```

        - Find any open issues that are related and make a note in the comments.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please refer to our [PRs from the community](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13r0vEhs9LOBdxWQWdZ8n5Ff9cyB3hQkTjI5OhcrHjVo/edit?usp=sharing) guide and use your best judgment. 
```

#### Communicate with contributors

> Community contributions are awesome, and it's important that the contributor knows how much they are appreciated. The best way to do that is to keep in touch while we're working to get their PR approved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Community contributions are awesome, and it's important that the contributor knows how much they are appreciated. The best way to do that is to keep in touch while we're working on getting their PR approved.
```

> While each team member is responsible for monitoring their active issues and pull requests, the Community Engagement DRI will check in on pull requests with the `:community ` label daily to make sure everything is moving along. If there's a comment or question from the contributor that hasn't been addressed, reach out on Slack to try to get more information and update the contributor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While each team member is responsible for monitoring their active issues and pull requests, the Community Engagement DRI will check in on pull requests with the `:community ` label daily to make sure everything is moving along. If there's a comment or question from the contributor that hasn't been addressed, reach out on Slack to get more information and update the contributor. 
```

#### Merge Community PRs

When merging a pull request from a community contributor:

> - Ensure that checklist for submitter is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure that the checklist for the submitter is complete.
```

- Verify that all necessary reviews have been approved.
- Merge the PR.
- Thank and congratulate the contributor.

> - Share with the team in the #help-promote channel of Fleet Slack to be publicized on social media. Those who contribute to Fleet and are recognized for their contributions often become great champions for the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Share the merged PR with the team in the #help-promote channel of Fleet Slack to be publicized on social media. Those who contribute to Fleet and are recognized for their contributions often become great champions for the project.
```

### Reviewing PRs from the community

If you're assigned a community pull request for review, it is important to keep things moving for the contributor. The goal is to not go more than one business day without following up with the contributor.

A PR should be merged if:

- It's a change that is needed and useful. 
- The CI is passing.
- Tests are in place.
- Documentation is updated.
- Changes file is created.

For PRs that aren't ready to merge:

- Thank the contributor for their hard work and explain why we can't merge the changes yet.
- Encourage the contributor to reach out in the #fleet channel of osquery Slack to get help from the rest of the community.

> - Offer code review and coaching to help get the PR ready to go (see note below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Offer a code review and coaching to help get the PR ready to merge (see note below).
```

- Keep an eye out for any updates or responses.

> Sometimes (typically for Fleet customers), a Fleet team member may add tests and make any necessary changes to merge the PR. 

If everything is good to go, approve the review.

For PRs that will not be merged:

> - Thanks the contributor for their effort and explain why the changes won't be merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Thank the contributor for their effort and explain why their suggestions won't be merged.
```

    A--D
```

## Pull Requests

> The most important thing when community members contribute to Fleet is to show them we value their time and effort. We need to fget eyes on community pull requests quickly (within 1 business day) and get them pushed merged as soon as we can.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The most important thing when community members contribute to Fleet is to show them we value their time and effort. We need to get eyes on community pull requests quickly (within 1 business day) and get them merged as soon as we can.
```

1. Check for new pull requests (PRs) from the Fleet community. 
2. Approve and merge any community PRs that are ready to go.
3. Make sure there aren't any existing community PRs waiting for followup from Fleet. 

#### Identify community contributions

When a new pull request is submitted by a community contributor (someone not a member of the Fleet organization):

- Add the `:community` label.
- Self-assign for review.
- Check whether the PR can be merged, or needs to be reviewed by the Product team.
    - Things that generally don't need additional review:
        - Minor changes to the docs.
        - Small bug fixes.
        - Additions or fixes to the Standard Query Library(SQL) are (as long as the SQL works properly and they are attributed correctly).
        - Use the Please refer to our [PRs from the community](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13r0vEhs9LOBdxWQWdZ8n5Ff9cyB3hQkTjI5OhcrHjVo/edit?usp=sharing) guide and use your best judgement. 
    - If a review is needed:
        - [Product DRIs](./product.md#product-dris) should approve extensive changes and new features. Ask in the #g-product channel in Fleet's Slack for more information.

>         - Tag the DRI and the contributor in a comment on the PR letting everyone know why additional review is needed. Make sure to say thanks!

Reviewer 2: Also use the "request review" feature for the DRI.

Author: Done!

#### Merge Community PRs

When merging a pull request from a community contributor:

- Ensure that checklist for submitter is complete.
- Verify that all necessary reviews have been approved.
- Merge the PR.
- Thank and congratulate the contributor.
- Share with the team in the #help-promote channel of Fleet Slack to be publicized on social media. Those who contribute to Fleet and are recognized for their contributions often become great champions for the project.

### Reviewing PRs from the community

If you're assigned a community pull request for review, it is important to keep things moving for the contributor. The goal is to not go more than one business day without following up with the contributor.

A PR should be merged if:
    - It's a change that is needed and useful. 
    - The CI is passing.
    - Tests are in place.
    - Documentation is updated.

>     - Changes file is created.

Reviewer 2: I think these maybe need to be un-indented to render as a list?

For PRs that aren't ready to merge:

>     - Thank the contributor for their hard work and explain why we aren't merging the changes.

Reviewer 2: How bout "let the contributor know what needs to be done for their changes to be merged."?

    - Encourage the contributor to reach out in the #fleet channel of osquery Slack to get help from the rest of the community.
    - Offer code review and coaching to help get the PR ready to go.**
    - Keep an eye out for any updates or responses.

> If everything is good to go, approve the review.

Reviewer 2: Add a section: "For PRs that will not be merged"

Probably including something like

- Thank the contributor for their hard work and explain why we aren't merging the changes.
- Close the PR.

> ** Sometimes (typically for contributions from users of Fleet Premium), a Fleet team member may be tasked with adding teests and making any needed changes. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** Sometimes (typically for Fleet customers), a Fleet team member may add tests and make any necessary changes to merge the PR. 
```
